
MENU

MONDAY
Egg in a Hole
Mark: 2.0
Cost(one portion): 4.0 zl
Ingredients: egg,bacon grease,bread,salt,black pepper
Recipe: Melt the bacon grease(1.5 teaspoons) in a non-stick pan over low heat.Cut a 1 1/2 to 2-inch hole from the center of the bread slice; lay in the hot skillet. When the side facing down is lightly toasted, about 2 minutes, flip and crack the egg into the hole; season with salt and pepper. Continue to cook until the egg is cooked and mostly firm. Flip again and cook 1 minute more to assure doneness on both sides. Serve immediately.


TUESDAY
Perfect Breakfast
Mark: 5.0
Cost(one portion): 6.0 zl
Ingredients: butter,eggs,bread(toasted),Dijon mustard,avocado,Parmesan cheese
Recipe: Melt 2 teaspoons butter in a skillet over medium heat; add two large eggs. Allow the egg whites to cook until mostly firm before breaking the yolks; continue cooking until eggs are completely cooked and no longer runny, 2 to 3 minutes.Spread one side of toasted sourdough bread slice with Dijon mustard(2 teaspoons).Arrange half avocado(peeled, pitted and sliced) onto the mustard.Top avocado with cooked eggs. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese(2 tablespoons) over eggs.


WEDNESDAY
Baby Spinach Omelet
Mark: 5.0
Cost(one portion): 5.5 zl
Ingredients: eggs,torn baby spinach leaves,grated Parmesan cheese,onion powder,ground nutmeg,salt,pepper
Recipe: In a bowl, beat two large eggs, and stir in the baby spinach(1 cup) and Parmesan cheese(1.5 tablespoons). Season with onion powder(1/4 teaspoon), nutmeg(1/8 teaspoon), salt, and pepper. In a small skillet coated with cooking spray over medium heat, cook the egg mixture about 3 minutes, until partially set. Flip with a spatula, and continue cooking 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low, and continue cooking 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired doneness.


THURSDAY
Soft Hard-Boiled Eggs
Mark: 4.5
Cost(one portion): 2.0 zl
Ingredients: eggs
Recipe: Place water into a 3-quart saucepan with a lid. Place over high heat and bring to a low boil. Carefully place the eggs in the water. Cover pan immediately, reduce heat to medium-high, and cook for 9 1/2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool eggs down with cold running water, tipping out the water, and continuing to run cold water over the eggs until they are cool.


FRIDAY
Best Scrambled Eggs
Mark: 4.0
Cost(one portion): 3.0 zl
Ingredients: eggs,sliced Cheddar chesse,thin sliced ham,heavy whipping cream,butter
Recipe: Whisk two large eggs together in a small bowl until smooth. Mix in Cheddar cheese(2 tablespoons), ham(2 thin slices), and heavy cream(1 teaspoon). Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Pour in egg mixture; cook and stir until set but still moist, 3 to 5 minutes.


SATURDAY
Egg in a Pepper
Mark: 4.3
Cost(one portion): 4.6 zl
Ingredients: egg,ring bell pepper,salt,pepper
Recipe: Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Place bell pepper ring(1/4 inch thick) in the hot skillet. Crack egg into bell pepper ring; cook until bottom holds together and corners are browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until desired doneness is reached, 2 to 3 minutes more; season with salt and ground black pepper.


SUNDAY
Spinach and Banana Power Smoothie
Mark: 4.0
Cost(one portion): 3.5 zl
Ingredients: plain soy milk, fresh spinach leaves, banana
Recipe: Blend soy milk(1 cup) and spinach leaves(3/4 cup) together in a blender until smooth. Add banana(sliced) and pulse until thoroughly blended.

COST: 85.8 zl