Egg in a Hole
4.0
egg,bacon grease,bread,salt,black pepper
Melt the bacon grease(1.5 teaspoons) in a non-stick pan over low heat.Cut a 1 1/2 to 2-inch hole from the center of the bread slice; lay in the hot skillet. When the side facing down is lightly toasted, about 2 minutes, flip and crack the egg into the hole; season with salt and pepper. Continue to cook until the egg is cooked and mostly firm. Flip again and cook 1 minute more to assure doneness on both sides. Serve immediately.
3.5
Perfect Breakfast
6.0
butter,eggs,bread(toasted),Dijon mustard,avocado,Parmesan cheese
Melt 2 teaspoons butter in a skillet over medium heat; add two large eggs. Allow the egg whites to cook until mostly firm before breaking the yolks; continue cooking until eggs are completely cooked and no longer runny, 2 to 3 minutes.Spread one side of toasted sourdough bread slice with Dijon mustard(2 teaspoons).Arrange half avocado(peeled, pitted and sliced) onto the mustard.Top avocado with cooked eggs. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese(2 tablespoons) over eggs.
5.0
Baby Spinach Omelet
5.5
eggs,torn baby spinach leaves,grated Parmesan cheese,onion powder,ground nutmeg,salt,pepper
In a bowl, beat two large eggs, and stir in the baby spinach(1 cup) and Parmesan cheese(1.5 tablespoons). Season with onion powder(1/4 teaspoon), nutmeg(1/8 teaspoon), salt, and pepper. In a small skillet coated with cooking spray over medium heat, cook the egg mixture about 3 minutes, until partially set. Flip with a spatula, and continue cooking 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to low, and continue cooking 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired doneness.
5.0
Soft Hard-Boiled Eggs
2.0
eggs
Place water into a 3-quart saucepan with a lid. Place over high heat and bring to a low boil. Carefully place the eggs in the water. Cover pan immediately, reduce heat to medium-high, and cook for 9 1/2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and cool eggs down with cold running water, tipping out the water, and continuing to run cold water over the eggs until they are cool.
4.5
Best Scrambled Eggs
3.0
eggs,sliced Cheddar chesse,thin sliced ham,heavy whipping cream,butter
Whisk two large eggs together in a small bowl until smooth. Mix in Cheddar cheese(2 tablespoons), ham(2 thin slices), and heavy cream(1 teaspoon). Melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Pour in egg mixture; cook and stir until set but still moist, 3 to 5 minutes.
4.0
Egg in a Pepper
4.6
egg,ring bell pepper,salt,pepper
Heat a non-stick skillet over medium heat. Place bell pepper ring(1/4 inch thick) in the hot skillet. Crack egg into bell pepper ring; cook until bottom holds together and corners are browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook until desired doneness is reached, 2 to 3 minutes more; season with salt and ground black pepper.
4.3
Spinach and Banana Power Smoothie
3.5
plain soy milk, fresh spinach leaves, banana
Blend soy milk(1 cup) and spinach leaves(3/4 cup) together in a blender until smooth. Add banana(sliced) and pulse until thoroughly blended.
4.0
Milk Banana Smoothie
3.3
milk,bananas,sugar
Blend milk(1 cup), two bananas, and sugar in a blender or food processor until smooth.
4.8
Watermelon Delight
2.5
watermelon,ice cubes,honey
Blend 2 cups of cubed watermelon, ice cubes and honey(2 tablespoons) in a blender until smooth.
4.9
World's Easiest Refreshing Smoothie
2.4
milk,strawberries,sugar
Blend 1 cup of milk, 6 frozen strawberries and sugar together in a blender until smooth.
5.0
Avocado Smoothie
6.0
almond milk,avocado,honey
Combine 12 fluid ounces of unsweetened almond milk, 1 avocado, and 1 tablespoon of honey in a blender; blend until smooth.
3.5